Okay, so you have open it. Just to note, it is my own thought.

Okay, listen, I am not going anywhere, outside of osu! game and TETR.IO anymore. Both osu! game and TETR.IO have the big impact on me, and that is really something I need to consider. So this will be a long yap, you can consider it as TED Talk, but if you read all of this, you are absolute chad and I really love you.

## Chap 1 - First month after eating the bullet

So let's talk about what happened to me. The first month after the devastation is really tough, if I say. The pain in chest is like eating the bullet that is shot from certain someone (You know who I am, if not, scroll down). Yes, that certain art, I think they know what art. Their gun point at me, and like wise, I am the victim eating it. Devastation brought me question about humanity and this society. I learnt a lot, but the most painful things: "Nothing lasts forever, even love". It made me sad to see how this society turns to be. Even promises can be broken. Certain guy said "It's just a promise, not a contract". Sure, but you know, even contract can be compromised. But it doesn't matter anymore, because, at the end of the day, this Alpha Cat will stand up again, and arise.

## Chap 2 - The Ascension

Say, they see me as a villain, a pecking pathetic one, right? I do a sweet payback. I got myself a stable j*b (I have to censor since some of you hate it). I got the score on 2 of Kroytz's 5★ Ascension to Heaven maps, cracked down Amnéhilesie by down and it might have triggered them to mock me, from what I heard from one of buddy. I even got myself recognized in 2 big osu! skinning compendium, that is skinship and osu!ck. And a guaranteed ticket to Skin of the Year 2026. I got honored by the university as well. 3 times of ascension. Along the journey, I made new friends, interacted with new people, and some of them are gods of TETR.IO and osu!, like [Caboozled_Pie](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/17652842) and [5han](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/26908506). Roleplaying/worldbuilding is going well, and many friends build the story together with me, in the Psi World. And even better, I got some friends, buddies that supports me throughout the journey in skinship server, one of them is surprisingly, [Jianshyy](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/9178563)‬.

## Chap 3 - Thoughts on osu! game

So, the future of me on the gaming side. I have stated that, I am not going anywhere outside TETR.IO, osu! (And even more, Deemo, HeavenTravel). But, let's talk about my thoughts on osu! game.

osu! game has been out since 2007, and till this day (31/03/2026), it's nearly 20 years. I started this game, since April 2021, and I got a lot of ups and downs. I recalled the time I spent too much time on [Seculo Seculorum](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/1599662#fruits/3276780), the time I made my way to top 3000 with [Ascension to Heaven by Verti](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/1667811#fruits/3659390) (kinda peak that every milestone of my growth in osu! game is always related directly to it), the time I suffered, damned and arise with 7★ pass on [Oshama Scramble! (IOException Edit)](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/1376308#fruits/2844649), and 5★ FC with Natural 20 on [Introduction](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/2149813#fruits/4529068). It shaped my characteristics and at the old time, it was fun with love. But now, that kind of fun is no more. Instead, I switch to enjoying the game, rather than grinding for ranks, because it's just farming work, dude. Also, osu! game is where I start this skinning project, osu! Gacha Club, with sub-project, osu! Mg. I know, there will be buddies or pals, or people, who really inspired my work, and make a new sub-project inside osu! Gacha Club mega skinning project. The first season was the collaboration, and it's still a mixed skin. On the second season, and new seasons later, I am clear that I will make the project to compendium, as an original concept. And 2nd season got approved, moved to Completed skin forum, and featured in 2 compendiums in a row! This also happens to Season 3, Chapter 1 as well! Those are the big ascensions of my project.

There is one thing though, that I have discussed before in skinskip server. You know, old generations like players who starts from 2007-2023 are still on stable, and every skinning project is like, work fully on stable. But, starting from 2025, and even now, many new gen players chooses lazer over stable now, and people agree to the point, osu! lazer is a new future of osu! game (I heard that the community is like 60/40 favoured on stable instead of 80/20 like before, it is shifting). But here's the point. Current state of skinning in osu! lazer as of 31/03/2026 is really, extremely limited. Take an example, osu! lazer doesn't have combobursts. That is one of important things for my project, though it is trivial for others. The bigger example can be the song select interface, and result screen, both are forced to have same screen across the skins. And that's exactly how many skins that focuses on the UI customization on osu! stable get pecked on osu! lazer. Even at song select, we can't customize the SFX. And that sh*t hurts so much to me, to other skinners as well. Skinners like us can't control some stuff on the user interface, only gameplay. The only solution to this all hot garbage? We can only wish peppy to roll out the feature that we can do the UI Customization. If lazer can code to let people choose the classic UI and modern UI, then there's literally no point in staying stable. And not only that, [this issue](https://github.com/ppy/osu/issues/18893) must be completed. If both are completed, then old players who are active on skinning will move to lazer without any issue at all. And let's not forget about the pain I was suffering while playing osu! lazer. Lag spikes, Spotlights being terrible, etc...

And gameplay, of course. osu! really need more content to be alive, and especially, osu! catch. It is seriously in doormat now. Maybe... I think, [BTMC](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/3171691) got the point. Let me quote this from his stream:

_"I think osu! is way too high of a base skill level game to get into. No one has made a genuine tutorial for this game that everyone can reference. Imagine if anyone wanted to get into osu!, what resource would you send them? There's nothing. There's no resource to send someone on how to get someone into osu!. How does someone learn streaming? There's no resource for that. How does someone get into mapping? Well, there was [pishifat](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/3178418)'s [videos](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oL3az8FhlB4&list=PLp7-THR1EUHERrIOV4dGClCGGoLIrQtOx) and that's it. Like there's so much content, so many things that could be done about those two. No one is doing it."_

And now, it's way more terrible into osu! catch. Say, you just go search "osu! catch tutorial" and there is only tips to improve, [like this one](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sExNJtPLwM0). The only guide that I can remember is a guide that is written in Cato The Beat, but even then, it is an absolute wall of text, and no one would really spend a lot of time to pecking read that whole level of yapping. How do you do quick bursts? How do you play wiggle/hyperdash wiggle efficiently? How do you properly play edge dash that ensures you can actually catch the note? There's literally no resource for that, but only an answer: "Play more", done. That's it. And even worse, osu! catch stable score got like 0.96x, despite it having same pecking gameplay like osu! catch on lazer. It's really... Unfair. People really pointed out that, but it is a big silence since then. Also, beatmap spotlights. It did not work better, it drove people away more. I spit this based on play count of the season. And this is what I also heard from [Crafterdark](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/6144467): "The catcher and plate being a single texture (also prevents new mod ideas). Hard mod customization impossible. Easy mod / Low CS hyperdash adjust possible but not worked on. Skin fruit rotation locked in by design. Can't share custom mod in Lazer without sharing a new ruleset". That is concerning.

## Chapter 4 - TETR.IO and Zenith Clicker

This is dedicated section for TETR.IO, and Zenith Clicker. I think, as of 31/03/2026, I'm like 2-month player. Pretty new to this game though, but I have good impressions for this game. The TETR.IO Community is really, like... They gave me back to 2019 vibes, in a real way. They are friendly, and some taught me how to play this game better, and sometimes, how to properly build the openers. Two of the most powerful weapon I knew and I still use to this day, is Hachi-spin (I call it Hachi Cannon) and DT Cannon. And the game is really great at designing friendly UX/UI. Also, like I have mentioned in Chapter 2, I see a lot of TETR.IO god who are also gods in osu! game as well! Man, I must say, If I compare the communities between osu! community and TETR.IO community, TETR.IO is winning in my heart.

Tetra League is also a thing many people enjoy (or not when you are a B- rank and someone at B rank pop up and slap you real hard). And osu! game is also having something same like Tetra League, it's called [ranked play](https://osu.ppy.sh/rankings/ranked-play/fruits/40)...? Anyways, there is also one of the biggest impressions when I play TETR.IO, that is Quick Play 2, or should I say, the Zenith Tower. It's like Ascending to Heaven, but with lore. The artwork, the soundtrack, the idea is so astonishing and charming. You climb the tower, together with people, defend yourself, attack others, and climb higher, exploring hotel, casino, and other stuff. Zenith Clicker is also astonishing work as well, and I am super impressed about it, you interact with the cards to climb the tower. Simple, but fun.

TETR.IO also offers me single player mode, I can use it to learn stuff with 40 lines, compete myself against 2-min pace. Or if I am feeling heavy, Zen mode is actually good to let me sit back and heal myself. Just like when I have a terrible day and the first thing to do is to boot up the game, and enjoy. Playing TETR.IO is like playing chess. If you misdrop, or doing a bad decision, you will be topped out and fail. The game also improved, sharpened my mind to work on other aspect of life as well, and I'm appreciated it! That's why, it is better for me to spend money on TETR.IO and osu! supporters than wasting my time and money on rhythm arcade games. That's really it.

## Chapter 5 - Final thoughts

I wrote this on 31/03/2026, last updated on 1/5/2026, although my chest is still having sudden pain, but I'm on my Ascension journey. And while the future might be unclear, I will make sure that, I can be a captain of my life. Kinder outside, but my heart is frozen inside. I am advancing the journey with new friends, and new experiences. I will not leaving osu! game and TETR.IO, at least this year. There will be projects that will need me to complete, and I am open for it. I promise, that I will stand strong, even though my heart is bleeding and freezing. I wish everyone will have their best life. Let's be friends, together.
